Refactor input information and add docs about mp4s (#393)
membraneframework/video_compositor: docs/pages/api/inputs/rtp.md

import Docs from "@site/pages/api/generated/renderer-RtpInputStream.md"

# RTP

> RTP streams allow streaming video and audio to the compositor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An input type that allows streaming video and audio to the compositor over RTP.
```
